

         --------------------------------- Uses of C language in hacking --------------------------------------------



         > C is used to write operating systems (OS) , like linux and windows , as well as is foundation of every linux kernel.
         > C is a middle level language ,which is hard to learn and faster.
         > C requires specific compiler to be compiled .i.e TurboC++ and vs code.
         
             ----> Q: why C attracts hackers ?
                   
                          Answer:

                 > C language allows to mess/change hardware details .i.e memory addresses
                      ,which allows the hackers to exploit buffer overflows and other vulnerabilities.

                        >>BUFFER OVERFLOW : it occurs when data oveflows a designated memory buffer, and spill
                        to adjescent reigions allowing hackers to overwrite critical parts of memory 
                                                  OR
                                    Simply enjecting mallitious code.                        .
                 
                 >   Another vulnerability is Kernel level programming ,which allows them to bypass security restriction
                      or change system behaviour , being unauthorized.


                 > Performance and eficency is also a reason , which allows hackers to make quicker exploits , that 
                         work before security threat alarm rings.

                 > Reverse engineering of OS and kernel , which allows them to see everything internally ,
                      resulting in development of custom exploits.

                 > C is popular in creation of shell codes which allows injection and revere injection of exploits to different
                        machine , which are more efficent due to kernels and Os written in C.

                 > Development of specifically designed tools and expliots focusing on automation of 
                        a single task in hacking.

        Conclusion : all low level language interction previllages make C language and much more usefull tool in 
                          hacking purposes , BTW this is only a single weapon in the whole arsenal
                                             of tools in cybersecurity.                                 